Beacon
======

Indigo Plugin: Beacon

I wrote Beacon to be able to use iBeacons in my home automation setup. It seemed
to me that the easiest way to do that was to use one of the existing iBeacon
compatible apps and interface it with Indigo. I’d been playing around with
Geohopper (which, added bonus, supports geofencing as well as iBeacons) and
Beecon and since I felt that they had different pros and cons I decided to build
the plugin for both. In the latest version I also added support for Geofancy.

Geohopper has built in support for web services (in-app purchase) and can be
configured to HTTP POST a JSON-formatted event when entering or exiting a
region. The post originates from a central location, not from the app itself,
which means that the plugin needs to be accessible from the Internet for it to
work. This means opening the firewall for the configured port and allow traffic
to the Indigo server. The TCP port can be selected from the plugin configuration
screen. The URL to use in the Geohopper app should look like this:
http://[Indigo server FQDN or IP]:[port number].

Examples: http://home.example.com:6192, or http://1.2.3.4:6192 where 1.2.3.4 is
your external (public) IP-address.

Beecon can be used ether over the Internet or over a local LAN, so if sending
events over the Internet isn’t needed the Indigo server doesn’t need to be
exposed. In Beecon you need to format the URL yourself to get it to work with
the plugin, according to this spec: http://[Indigo server FQDN or IP]:[port
number]/?sender=[sender_name]&location=[location_name]&event=[event] where event
can be either LocationEnter, LocationExit or LocationTest.

Examples:
http://home.example.com:6192/?sender=email\@example.com&location=home&event=LocationEnter,
or http://1.2.3.4:6192/?sender=MyName&location=garage&event=LocationExit

Geofancy uses HTTP PUT or HTTP GET to send www-form-urlencoded updates. (More
info on the Geofancy Wiki.) The Geofancy app needs to be configured to use
http://your-server:port and can be used on a local LAN or over the Internet.

### Indigo Domotics note 2017/12/08

The original author of this plugin is no longer actively maintaining it. With
his permission, we’ve forked his repository into our open source repo, bumped
the version number, and added it to the plugin store. We will not be maintaining
this plugin, but anyone who is interested in making updates is more than welcome
to do so. We’ll accept any pull requests after a cursory code review just to
make sure the change doesn’t do anything malicious.

If you are interested in taking over maintenance, please let us know and we’ll
gladly give you direct management permissions.

Indigo Domotics doesn't guarantee that this plugin works. We are only hosting
the project here in our open source repository for Indigo plugins.
